Allow the customization of TopBannerViewController. (#3575)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

### Banners and guidance instructions

* Fixed the crash when scrolling the guidance cards while the orientaion changes. ([#3544](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3544))

> * Added the ability to customize the `TopBannerViewController` through the publicly exposed `lanesView`, `nextBannerView`, `statusView` and `junctionView`. The `TopBannerViewController.instructionsBannerView` could also be customized through `NavigationViewControllerDelegate.label(_:willPresent:as:)` during active navigation. ([#3575](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3575))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the `TopBannerViewController.lanesView`, `TopBannerViewController.nextBannerView`, `TopBannerViewController.statusView` and `TopBannerViewController.junctionView` properties. ([#3575](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3575))
* The `InstructionsBannerViewDelegate` and `TopBannerViewControllerDelegate` protocols now conform to the `VisualInstructionDelegate` protocol. ([#3575](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3575))
* Fixed an issue where `VisualInstructionDelegate.label(_:willPresent:as:)` was never called. Your `NavigationViewControllerDelegate` class can now implement this method to customize the contents of a visual instruction during turn-by-turn navigation. ([#3575](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3575))
```
